Minor editorial issues and fixing metadata to stop annoying make errors. (#589)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

ECH requires encrypted DNS to be an effective privacy protection mechanism.
However, verifying the server's identity from the Certificate message,

> particularly when using the X.509 CertificateType, may result in additional

Reviewer: This is not correct. Yes, they are X.509 certificates, but the name of the enum in RFC 8446 (S 4.4.2i) ix "X509"

```suggestion
particularly when using the X509 CertificateType, may result in additional
```
